Bhavin.patel/remote config 1 (#17301)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/agent/guide/how_remote_config_works.md

<div class="alert alert-info">Remote Configuration is in beta.</a></div>

## Overview

> Remote Configuration is a Datadog capability that allows you to remotely configure the behavior of Datadog resources (for example, Agents, tracing libraries, and Observability Pipelines Worker) deployed in your infrastructure, for select product features. Using Remote Configuration makes it easier to apply configurations to Datadog resources in your environment on demand, decreasing management costs, reducing friction between teams, and accelerating issue resolution times. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Remote Configuration is a Datadog capability that allows you to remotely configure the behavior of Datadog resources deployed in your infrastructure. You can configure select product features on your Datadog Agents, tracing libraries, and the Observability Pipelines Worker. Use Remote Configuration to apply configurations to Datadog resources in your environment on demand, decreasing management costs, reducing friction between teams, and accelerating issue resolution times.
```

Author: Thx Heston for the review. On this one, the select features are not configured on Datadog Agents, tracing libraries, and OPW but rather the products themselves such as APM, ASM, etc. Also it's important to clarify what resources Datadog resources are inline. How about this?

Remote Configuration is a Datadog capability that allows you to remotely configure the behavior of Datadog resources (for example, Agents, tracing libraries, and Observability Pipelines Worker) deployed in your infrastructure, for select product features. Use Remote Configuration to apply configurations to Datadog resources in your environment on demand, decreasing management costs, reducing friction between teams, and accelerating issue resolution times.

> Remote Configuration is a Datadog capability that allows you to remotely configure the behavior of Datadog resources (for example, Agents, tracing libraries, and Observability Pipelines Worker) deployed in your infrastructure, for select product features. Using Remote Configuration makes it easier to apply configurations to Datadog resources in your environment on demand, decreasing management costs, reducing friction between teams, and accelerating issue resolution times. 

Author: Yes, barring any better suggestions and how industry vendors classifies their "elements/resources/entities", I would say let's use resources.

- **Automatic default agent rule updates**: Automatically receive and update the default Agent rules maintained by Datadog as new Agent detections and enhancements are released. 

### Observability Pipelines (OP)
<div class="alert alert-info">This feature is in private beta.</div>

> - **Remotely update and deploy [Observability Pipelines Worker (OPW)][10]**: Build and update pipelines in the UI, remotely rolling out the new configuration to OPW running in your environment.

Reviewer 2: Let's change to:

**Remotely deploy and update [Observability Pipelines Workers (OPW)][10]**: Build and edit pipelines in the Datadog UI, rolling out your configuration changes to OPW instances running in your environment.

| ASM 1-click activation        |               | 1.4.0         | 2.17.0        | 3.9.0         |

### Setup
To activate Remote Configuration: 

> 1. Ensure your RBAC permissions include [`org_management`][9] so you can enable Remote Configuration for your organization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Ensure your RBAC permissions include [`org_management`][9], so you can enable Remote Configuration for your organization.
```

> 2. Ensure your RBAC permissions include [`api_keys_write`][3] so you can create a new API key with the Remote Configuration capability, or add the capability on an existing API key. Contact your organization's Datadog administrator to update your permissions if you don't have it. You'll use the key with this capability to authenticate and authorize your Agent to use Remote Configuration. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Ensure your RBAC permissions include [`api_keys_write`][3], so you can create a new API key with the Remote Configuration capability, or add the capability to an existing API key. Contact your organization's Datadog administrator to update your permissions if you don't have it. A key with this capability allows you to authenticate and authorize your Agent to use Remote Configuration. 
```

3. On the [Remote Configuration][4] page, enable Remote Configuration. This enables Datadog resources across your organization to receive configurations from Datadog. 

> 4. Select an existing API key or create a new API key, and enable Remote Config capability on the key:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Select an existing API key or create a new API key, and enable the Remote Config capability on the key:
```

[1]: /getting_started/site/
[2]: /help/

> [3]: /account_management/api-app-keys/

Reviewer 3: NIT: I wonder if it should be 
```suggestion
[3]: /account_management/rbac/permissions#api-and-application-keys
```
as a link here, as we reference the api_key permission.

[4]: https://app.datadoghq.com/organization-settings/remote-config
[5]: /security/default_rules/#cat-workload-security
[6]: /tracing/trace_pipeline/ingestion_controls/#managing-ingestion-for-all-services-at-the-agent-level
[7]: /dynamic_instrumentation/?tab=configurationyaml#enable-remote-configuration
[8]: /security/application_security/how-appsec-works/#built-in-protection

> [9]: /account_management/rbac/permissions

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
[9]: /account_management/rbac/permissions#access-management
```
